More updates to readthedocs (#545)
SuperDARN/rst: docs/references/general/rawacf.md

Disclaimer: License under GNU v3.0, the file is found in the root directory under LICENSE 

Modifications:
    2022-11-28 Emma Bland (UNIS) Updated file format description

-->
# RAWACF files 

RAWACF files are raw files produced at radar sites. 

Sometimes they are post-processed from IQDAT files or converted from the older-format dat files (see `dattorawacf`).

## Naming Convention

The community standard for naming RAWACF files is:

> YYYYMMDD.HH.mm.ss.<3-letter radar code>.[a-d].rawacf

> The field [a-d] is used to separate data sampled at different frequencies into separate files. This field may not be used if all the available data are provided in a single file.

Reviewer: same comment as above

Author: ```suggestion
The field [a-d] is used when the data have been separated into multiple files based on a particular operating parameter (e.g. frequency, beam pattern, control program). This field may not be used if all the available data are provided in a single file.
```

| *rawacf.revision.minor* | *None*   | int       | Minor version number of the RAWACF algorithm                                            |
| *thr*                   | *None*   | float     | Threshold factor                                                                        |

!!! Note

>     The original intended usage of the `channel` parameter was to identify the data from the two separate frequency channels of the stereo radars (e.g. Hankasalmi). However, this parameter has sometimes been used for non-stereo radars when data from two different frequencies have been recorded in a single file.

Reviewer: same as above (especially since Stereo radars are known for using different beams and frequencies on different channels)

>     The original intended usage of the `channel` parameter was to identify the data from the two separate frequency channels of the stereo radars (e.g. Hankasalmi). However, this parameter has sometimes been used for non-stereo radars when data from two different frequencies have been recorded in a single file.

Author: ```suggestion
    The original intended usage of the `channel` parameter was to identify the data from the two channels of the stereo radars (e.g. Hankasalmi). However, this parameter has sometimes been used for non-stereo radars to identify data sampled using a different frequency, beam pattern, control program, or other operating parameter, and then provided in a single file.
```

Reviewer: Thanks for making these edits @ecbland! I think the first change (removing "separate frequency") sounds good, but the latter change about non-stereo radars may be unnecessary. I suppose the difference here is it's discussing the internal channel identifier rather than the "external" one in the filename?

Reviewer: Although I'm probably confusing the new Borealis multi-file twofsound data with the old single-file ROS data, so nevermind!

Reviewer: Sure - sorry, that's my fault for trying to write a reply too early and on too little sleep!

Reviewer: I actually wonder if this "Note" is even necessary, given that the Stereo vs multi-frequency usage is already explained in channel field of the above table.

>     The original intended usage of the `channel` parameter was to identify the data from the two separate frequency channels of the stereo radars (e.g. Hankasalmi). However, this parameter has sometimes been used for non-stereo radars when data from two different frequencies have been recorded in a single file.

Author: @egthomas Github didn't support committing this suggestion so I just pushed another commit that removes the note. I also removed the same note that was in the `fitacf` format documentation.

>     The original intended usage of the `channel` parameter was to identify the data from the two separate frequency channels of the stereo radars (e.g. Hankasalmi). However, this parameter has sometimes been used for non-stereo radars when data from two different frequencies have been recorded in a single file.

Reviewer: @ecbland no problem - thanks!
